1) VRST - Close Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ao4RCon11eY&pp=ygURVlJTVCAtIENsb3NlIEV5ZXM%3D

2) KR - MIDNIGHT BLUE (PHONK REMIX)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEADP8b1ANM&pp=ygUgS1IgLSBNSUROSUdIVCBCTFVFIChQSE9OSyBSRU1JWCk%3D

3) OLT VISION, Beneath My Shade - Say No More
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Uys8gcHF8s&pp=ygUqT0xUIFZJU0lPTiwgQmVuZWF0aCBNeSBTaGFkZSAtIFNheSBObyBNb3Jl

4) ODIVK - Devil Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38LU1BOqrvg&pp=ygUST0RJVksgLSBEZXZpbCBFeWVz

5) ntent, Øneheart - Faded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKjUFhC-DsY&pp=ygUYbnRlbnQsIMOYbmVoZWFydCAtIEZhZGVk

6) STXRZ - AFTERLIFE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D87v4pLhcgs&pp=ygURU1RYUlogLSBBRlRFUkxJRkU%3D

7) Acket - Fallen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpVf6EYw7qs&pp=ygUOQWNrZXQgLSBGYWxsZW4%3D

8) TEENAGE PUNK - SAFE CALL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxUC8R-ggdo&pp=ygUYVEVFTkFHRSBQVU5LIC0gU0FGRSBDQUxM

9) GRAVECHILL - Anxiety
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDgBru2eiTE&pp=ygUUR1JBVkVDSElMTCAtIEFueGlldHk%3D

10) BLACK RADAR - Lost past
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzFcCDGYzpA&pp=ygUXQkxBQ0sgUkFEQVIgLSBMb3N0IHBhc3Q%3D

11) RYDER SPOT - ESTHETIC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkKrfsNA9oE&pp=ygUVUllERVIgU1BPVCAtIEVTVEhFVElD

12) SKIDZ - MORTAL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlxaeeQRESg&pp=ygUOU0tJRFogLSBNT1JUQUw%3D

13) GRAVECHILL - LUNA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Um26Qb6nhx0&pp=ygURR1JBVkVDSElMTCAtIExVTkE%3D

14) SVVVSH - Diadem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m11Yp3TAUpI&pp=ygUPU1ZWVlNIIC0gRGlhZGVt

15) Øneheart, ETHIEL - Serene
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJL5fFNPUNw&pp=ygUaw5huZWhlYXJ0LCBFVEhJRUwgLSBTZXJlbmU%3D

16) LXZY - MEMORIES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9wY7oHo3Vk&pp=ygUPTFhaWSAtIE1FTU9SSUVT

17) FINIVOID - Let Me Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mfs8_dLiWd8&pp=ygUURklOSVZPSUQgLSBMZXQgTWUgR28%3D

18) SPVRROW - Demons Coming Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpwQXs7Oeiw&pp=ygUbU1BWUlJPVyAtIERlbW9ucyBDb21pbmcgTm93

19) FIVESIV - TELL YO BUSTAS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsfKWf0v5jQ&pp=ygUYRklWRVNJViAtIFRFTEwgWU8gQlVTVEFT

20) HXVRMXN feat. LxrdOfDoom - Chimera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFLJheVkVK0&pp=ygUiSFhWUk1YTiBmZWF0LiBMeHJkT2ZEb29tIC0gQ2hpbWVyYQ%3D%3D

21) HXVRMXN - Ecoboost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hLH_xITkV4&pp=ygUSSFhWUk1YTiAtIEVjb2Jvb3N0

22) FORGOTTENAGE - End of the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zISH8TFhH7U&pp=ygUfRk9SR09UVEVOQUdFIC0gRW5kIG9mIHRoZSBXb3JsZA%3D%3D

23) BLESSED MANE - Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBRy4DscVnQ&pp=ygUYQkxFU1NFRCBNQU5FIC0gQXNjZW5zaW9u

24) CREEPYMANE - Skyline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CM04boSzAOQ&pp=ygUUQ1JFRVBZTUFORSAtIFNreWxpbmU%3D

25) NERONUS - Nemesis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EekMhUPWUM&pp=ygURTkVST05VUyAtIE5lbWVzaXM%3D

26) DVRST, OBLXKQ - Endless Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fC1HF29n9UA&pp=ygUcRFZSU1QsIE9CTFhLUSAtIEVuZGxlc3MgTG92ZQ%3D%3D

27) FFH - Vacuum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHIctQJ81HI&pp=ygUMRkZIIC0gVmFjdXVt

28) LXST CXNTURY - Andromeda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smbiKaOAN3Q&pp=ygUYTFhTVCBDWE5UVVJZIC0gQW5kcm9tZWRh

29) DVRKHOLD - Sun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_f0hb8DDnQY&pp=ygUORFZSS0hPTEQgLSBTdW4%3D

30) KSLV - SUNSET DRIFT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ma7QI3K3HSM&pp=ygUTS1NMViAtIFNVTlNFVCBEUklGVA%3D%3D

31) HXVRMXN - スピードデーモン_スピードデーモン
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGkdN4RqT_I&pp=ygU7SFhWUk1YTiAtIOOCueODlOODvOODieODh-ODvOODouODs1_jgrnjg5Tjg7zjg4njg4fjg7zjg6Ljg7M%3D

32) KUTE - Love Bound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fn32X58POQ8&pp=ygURS1VURSAtIExvdmUgQm91bmQ%3D

33) STXRZ - LAST MEMORY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkW54mrNU-w&pp=ygUTU1RYUlogLSBMQVNUIE1FTU9SWQ%3D%3D

34) kedela - last universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgH-aMqGniU&pp=ygUWa2VkZWxhIC0gbGFzdCB1bml2ZXJzZQ%3D%3D

35) GRAVECHILL - God is Dead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=potM1sjsuo4&pp=ygUYR1JBVkVDSElMTCAtIEdvZCBpcyBEZWFk

36) Hensonn - Prey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rksuIKZm2U4&pp=ygUOSGVuc29ubiAtIFByZXk%3D

37) my!lane - winter feelings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huIJ9WHg9SI&pp=ygUZbXkhbGFuZSAtIHdpbnRlciBmZWVsaW5ncw%3D%3D

38) PXLLUS - faitfully
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMD8hBsA-RI&pp=ygUSUFhMTFVTIC0gZmFpdGZ1bGx5

39) akiura - waisetsu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zjae2Xx6nTM&pp=ygURYWtpdXJhIC0gd2Fpc2V0c3U%3D

40) PRXSXNT FXNTURE, 5admin - PRAYER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbF2Lqz4gKw&pp=ygUgUFJYU1hOVCBGWE5UVVJFLCA1YWRtaW4gLSBQUkFZRVI%3D

41) NORTMIRAGE - PHONK CITY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StsV2Hn4e5k&pp=ygUXTk9SVE1JUkFHRSAtIFBIT05LIENJVFk%3D

42) HXVRMXN - Eclipse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JD0Ve7psY_I&pp=ygURSFhWUk1YTiAtIEVjbGlwc2U%3D

43) DCLXVI - MADNESS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lUFouUTACaw&pp=ygUQRENMWFZJIC0gTUFETkVTUw%3D%3D

44) SAKVREYE - NIGHT CITY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1nZ6jFl42E&pp=ygUVU0FLVlJFWUUgLSBOSUdIVCBDSVRZ

45) LXST CXNTURY - Flystyler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6TFwRajZS28&pp=ygUYTFhTVCBDWE5UVVJZIC0gRmx5c3R5bGVy

46) HXVRMXN - Crossfade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpxh8FBEjOk&pp=ygUTSFhWUk1YTiAtIENyb3NzZmFkZQ%3D%3D

