1) DVRST - Close Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ao4RCon11eY&pp=ygUSRFZSU1QgLSBDbG9zZSBFeWVz

2) MKR - MIDNIGHT BLUE (PHONK REMIX)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEADP8b1ANM&pp=ygUhTUtSIC0gTUlETklHSFQgQkxVRSAoUEhPTksgUkVNSVgp

3) VOLT VISION, Beneath My Shade - Say No More
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Uys8gcHF8s&pp=ygUrVk9MVCBWSVNJT04sIEJlbmVhdGggTXkgU2hhZGUgLSBTYXkgTm8gTW9yZQ%3D%3D

4) ZODIVK - Devil Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VrAp-jhJh8&pp=ygUTWk9ESVZLIC0gRGV2aWwgRXllcw%3D%3D

5) Antent, Øneheart - Faded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dz9PMil51iA&pp=ygUZQW50ZW50LCDDmG5laGVhcnQgLSBGYWRlZA%3D%3D

6)  STXRZ - AFTERLIFE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D87v4pLhcgs&pp=ygUSIFNUWFJaIC0gQUZURVJMSUZF

7)  Acket - Fallen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpVf6EYw7qs&pp=ygUPIEFja2V0IC0gRmFsbGVu

8)  TEENAGE PUNK - SAFE CALL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxUC8R-ggdo&pp=ygUZIFRFRU5BR0UgUFVOSyAtIFNBRkUgQ0FMTA%3D%3D

9)  GRAVECHILL - Anxiety
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDgBru2eiTE&pp=ygUVIEdSQVZFQ0hJTEwgLSBBbnhpZXR5

10)  BLACK RADAR - Lost past
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzFcCDGYzpA&pp=ygUYIEJMQUNLIFJBREFSIC0gTG9zdCBwYXN0

11)  RYDER SPOT - ESTHETIC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkKrfsNA9oE&pp=ygUWIFJZREVSIFNQT1QgLSBFU1RIRVRJQw%3D%3D

12)  SKIDZ - MORTAL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlxaeeQRESg&pp=ygUPIFNLSURaIC0gTU9SVEFM

13)  GRAVECHILL - LUNA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Um26Qb6nhx0&pp=ygUSIEdSQVZFQ0hJTEwgLSBMVU5B

14)  SVVVSH - Diadem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m11Yp3TAUpI&pp=ygUQIFNWVlZTSCAtIERpYWRlbQ%3D%3D

15)  Øneheart, ETHIEL - Serene
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJL5fFNPUNw&pp=ygUbIMOYbmVoZWFydCwgRVRISUVMIC0gU2VyZW5l

16)  LXZY - MEMORIES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9wY7oHo3Vk&pp=ygUQIExYWlkgLSBNRU1PUklFUw%3D%3D

17)  FINIVOID - Let Me Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mfs8_dLiWd8&pp=ygUVIEZJTklWT0lEIC0gTGV0IE1lIEdv

18)  SPVRROW - Demons Coming Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpwQXs7Oeiw&pp=ygUcIFNQVlJST1cgLSBEZW1vbnMgQ29taW5nIE5vdw%3D%3D

19)  FIVESIV - TELL YO BUSTAS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsfKWf0v5jQ&pp=ygUZIEZJVkVTSVYgLSBURUxMIFlPIEJVU1RBUw%3D%3D

20)  HXVRMXN feat. LxrdOfDoom - Chimera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFLJheVkVK0&pp=ygUjIEhYVlJNWE4gZmVhdC4gTHhyZE9mRG9vbSAtIENoaW1lcmE%3D

21)  HXVRMXN - Ecoboost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hLH_xITkV4&pp=ygUTIEhYVlJNWE4gLSBFY29ib29zdA%3D%3D

22)  FORGOTTENAGE - End of the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zISH8TFhH7U&pp=ygUgIEZPUkdPVFRFTkFHRSAtIEVuZCBvZiB0aGUgV29ybGQ%3D

23)  BLESSED MANE - Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBRy4DscVnQ&pp=ygUZIEJMRVNTRUQgTUFORSAtIEFzY2Vuc2lvbg%3D%3D

24)  CREEPYMANE - Skyline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CM04boSzAOQ&pp=ygUVIENSRUVQWU1BTkUgLSBTa3lsaW5l

25)  NERONUS - Nemesis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EekMhUPWUM&pp=ygUSIE5FUk9OVVMgLSBOZW1lc2lz

26)  DVRST, OBLXKQ - Endless Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fC1HF29n9UA&pp=ygUdIERWUlNULCBPQkxYS1EgLSBFbmRsZXNzIExvdmU%3D

27)  FFH - Vacuum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8drQ13CRuIg&pp=ygUNIEZGSCAtIFZhY3V1bQ%3D%3D

28)  LXST CXNTURY - Andromeda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smbiKaOAN3Q&pp=ygUZIExYU1QgQ1hOVFVSWSAtIEFuZHJvbWVkYQ%3D%3D

29)  DVRKHOLD - Sun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_f0hb8DDnQY&pp=ygUPIERWUktIT0xEIC0gU3Vu

30)  KSLV - SUNSET DRIFT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ma7QI3K3HSM&pp=ygUUIEtTTFYgLSBTVU5TRVQgRFJJRlQ%3D

31)  HXVRMXN - スピードデーモン_スピードデーモン
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGkdN4RqT_I&pp=ygU8IEhYVlJNWE4gLSDjgrnjg5Tjg7zjg4njg4fjg7zjg6Ljg7Nf44K544OU44O844OJ44OH44O844Oi44Oz

32)  KUTE - Love Bound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fn32X58POQ8&pp=ygUSIEtVVEUgLSBMb3ZlIEJvdW5k

33)  STXRZ - LAST MEMORY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkW54mrNU-w&pp=ygUUIFNUWFJaIC0gTEFTVCBNRU1PUlk%3D

34)  kedela - last universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgH-aMqGniU&pp=ygUXIGtlZGVsYSAtIGxhc3QgdW5pdmVyc2U%3D

35)  GRAVECHILL - God is Dead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=potM1sjsuo4&pp=ygUZIEdSQVZFQ0hJTEwgLSBHb2QgaXMgRGVhZA%3D%3D

36)  Hensonn - Prey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rksuIKZm2U4&pp=ygUPIEhlbnNvbm4gLSBQcmV5

37)  my!lane - winter feelings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huIJ9WHg9SI&pp=ygUaIG15IWxhbmUgLSB3aW50ZXIgZmVlbGluZ3M%3D

38)  PXLLUS - faitfully
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMD8hBsA-RI&pp=ygUTIFBYTExVUyAtIGZhaXRmdWxseQ%3D%3D

39)  akiura - waisetsu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zjae2Xx6nTM&pp=ygUSIGFraXVyYSAtIHdhaXNldHN1

40)  PRXSXNT FXNTURE, 5admin - PRAYER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbF2Lqz4gKw&pp=ygUhIFBSWFNYTlQgRlhOVFVSRSwgNWFkbWluIC0gUFJBWUVS

41)  NORTMIRAGE - PHONK CITY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d__uFhNmbBI&pp=ygUYIE5PUlRNSVJBR0UgLSBQSE9OSyBDSVRZ

42)  HXVRMXN - Eclipse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JD0Ve7psY_I&pp=ygUSIEhYVlJNWE4gLSBFY2xpcHNl

43)  DCLXVI - MADNESS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lUFouUTACaw&pp=ygURIERDTFhWSSAtIE1BRE5FU1M%3D

44)  SAKVREYE - NIGHT CITY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1nZ6jFl42E&pp=ygUWIFNBS1ZSRVlFIC0gTklHSFQgQ0lUWQ%3D%3D

45)  LXST CXNTURY - Flystyler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6TFwRajZS28&pp=ygUZIExYU1QgQ1hOVFVSWSAtIEZseXN0eWxlcg%3D%3D

46)  HXVRMXN - Crossfade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpxh8FBEjOk&pp=ygUUIEhYVlJNWE4gLSBDcm9zc2ZhZGU%3D

